DOC-2266: Add new documentation for `ExportPDF` plugin. (#3078)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/exportpdf.adoc

Reviewer: There is a missing option in this list `exportpdf_converter_style` which works just like `exportword_converter_style` but for the Export to PDF plugin

Author: added

[[exportpdf-service-url]]
== `exportpdf_service_url`

> By default, the Export to PDF feature uses the {productname} Cloud Services HTML to PDF converter service to generate the `document-name.pdf` files. You can use this option to provide the URL to an on-premises converter. https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] if you require this feature.

Author: ```suggestion
The {pluginname} uses the {productname} Cloud Services HTML to PDF converter service to generate the `document-name.pdf` files.

NOTE: The {pluginname} feature is currently only available `on-premise` and requires the `exportpdf_service_url` option to be configured.https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] if you require this feature.
```

> By default, the Export to PDF feature uses the {productname} Cloud Services HTML to PDF converter service to generate the `document-name.pdf` files. You can use this option to provide the URL to an on-premises converter. https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] if you require this feature.

Reviewer: Ok this is fine.

> By default, the Export to PDF feature uses the {productname} Cloud Services HTML to DOCX converter service to generate the `document-name.pdf` files. You can use this option to provide the URL to an on-premises converter. https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] if you require this feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the Export to PDF feature uses the {productname} Cloud Services HTML to PDF converter service to generate the `document-name.pdf` files. You can use this option to provide the URL to an on-premises converter. https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] if you require this feature.
```

*Type:* `+String+`

> *Default value:* `true`

Author: ```suggestion
```

=== Example: using `exportpdf_service_url`

[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'exportpdf',
  toolbar: 'exportpdf',
  exportpdf_service_url: '<service_url>'
});
----

[[exportpdf-converter-options]]
== `exportpdf_converter_options`

This option allows the editor to download a PDF document containing its content, along with the specified header defined in the `exportpdf_converter_options`.

> 

Reviewer: There are other options, not only the header. [here](https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options) is the list of all options available with examples.

Author: ```suggestion
This option allows the editor to download a PDF document containing its content, along with the specified options defined in the `exportpdf_converter_options`.

=== Available options

[cols="1,3",options="header"]
|===
| Option | Description

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Margins[margin_top^] | Sets the top margin of the output file.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Margins[margin_bottom^] | Sets the bottom margin of the output file.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Margins[margin_left^] | Sets the left margin of the output file.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Margins[margin_right^] | Sets the right margin of the output file.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Page-format[format^] | Sets the page format of the output file.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Header-and-footer[footer_html^] | HTML content to be used as the footer in the output file.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Header-and-footer[header_html^] | HTML content to be used as the header in the output file.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Header-and-footer[header_and_footer_css^] | CSS styles to be applied to the header and footer in the output file.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Page-orientation[page_orientation^] | Sets the orientation of the page in the output file.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Wait-for-selector[wait_for_selector^] | Waits for the specified selector before generating the output file.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Wait-for-network[wait_for_network^] | Waits for network requests to finish before generating the output file.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Wait-time[wait_time^] | Sets the time to wait before generating the output file.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Extra-HTTP-headers[extra_http_headers^] | Additional HTTP headers to be included in the requests.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Base-URL[base_url^] | Sets the base URL to resolve relative URLs in the input HTML.
|===
```

*Type:* `+Object+`

*Default value:* `{}`

=== Example: using `exportpdf_converter_options`

[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'exportpdf',
  toolbar: 'exportpdf',
  exportpdf_service_url: '<service_url>',
  exportpdf_converter_options: {
   	header_html: '<p>HEADER</p>', // example

>    	header_and_footer_css: 'p { color: blue }', // example

Reviewer: As mentioned before there are other options that can be used. All the options with examples are listed [here](https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options)

Author: I think we can leave this as a example, now that we have added links to all the other options available.

  },
})
----

[NOTE]

> To use this option, the Export PDF plugin requires the `exportpdf_service_url` option to be configured.

Reviewer: The `exportpdf_service_url` option is required for the whole plugin to work, not just this option.

Author: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
The `exportpdf_service_url` option must be configured for the {pluginname} plugin to work.
```

> === Limitations of the `<placeholder>` option

Reviewer: I think this is a leftover and should be removed ?

Author: @hamza0867 Yes, this is a placeholder incase we need to outline any limitations found in QA

[[exportpdf-service-url]]
== `exportpdf_service_url`

The {pluginname} uses the {productname} Cloud Services HTML to PDF converter service to generate the `document-name.pdf` files.

> NOTE: The {pluginname} feature is currently only available `on-premise` and requires the `exportpdf_service_url` option to be configured.https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] if you require this feature.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: The {pluginname} feature is currently only available `on-premise` and requires the `exportpdf_service_url` option to be configured. https://www.tiny.cloud/contact/[Contact us] if you require this feature.
```

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Wait-for-network[wait_for_network^] | Waits for network requests to finish before generating the output file.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Wait-time[wait_time^] | Sets the time to wait before generating the output file.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Extra-HTTP-headers[extra_http_headers^] | Additional HTTP headers to be included in the requests.

| link:https://exportpdf.converter.tiny.cloud/docs#section/PDF-options/Base-URL[base_url^] | Sets the base URL to resolve relative URLs in the input HTML.
|===
*Type:* `+Object+`

*Default value:* `{}`

=== Example: using `exportpdf_converter_options`

[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'exportpdf',
  toolbar: 'exportpdf',
  exportpdf_service_url: '<service_url>',
  exportpdf_converter_options: {
   	header_html: '<p>HEADER</p>', // example
   	header_and_footer_css: 'p { color: blue }', // example
  },
})
----

[NOTE]

> The `exportpdf_service_url` option must be configured for the {pluginname} plugin to work.

Author: ```suggestion
The `exportpdf_service_url` option must be configured for the {pluginname} plugin to work.

[[exportpdf-converter-style]]
== `exportpdf_converter_style`

The `exportpdf_converter_style` option allow for customization of the styles applied to the exported PDF document, providing flexibility in controlling its appearance.

*Type:* `+String+`

*Default value:* `''`

=== Example: using `exportpdf_converter_style`

[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea.tinymce',
  plugins: 'exportpdf',
  toolbar: 'exportpdf',
  exportpdf_service_url: '<service_URL>', // required
  exportpdf_converter_options: { // required to support "exportpdf_converter_style"
    header: [
      {
        html: '<h1>First page header.</h1>', //example
        css: 'h1 { font-size: 30px; }', //example
      }
    ],
  },
  exportpdf_converter_style: 'p { color: cyan !important }' // requires both "exportpdf_converter_style" and "exportpdf_service_url" to be set.
});
----
```
